src/layout/windows.md, before:

# Window Management

## Opening Windows

You can use `:split` (or its vertical variant `:vsplit`) to split the current
window. You can optionally provide a room or user to open that room instead.
For example:

```
:vsplit #alias:example.com
```

Will vertically split the current window and open `#alias:example.com` in the
new window.

> If you only need to duplicate the window without changing its content, you
> can use `^Ws` and `^Wv` to horizontally and vertically split the current
> window.

By default, the split commands will open the new window so that it is
visually before the current one, but you can alter this using `:belowright`
(as opposed to the default `:aboveleft` behaviour). Similarly, you can also
change the axis of a split using the `:vertical` and `:horizontal` commands.

Several of the commands within __iamb__ change the displayed content in the
current window. You can force them to instead open a new window using the above
commands. For example, to open the list of rooms below the current window:

```
:bel rooms
```

Or, to show a room's members to the left side of the room instead of the right:

```
:abo hor members
```

## Switching Windows

You can switch between between neighboring windows using the following keybindings:

- `^Wh` will move to the window left of the current one 
- `^Wj` will move to the window below the current one 
- `^Wk` will move to the window above the current one 
- `^Wl` will move to the window right of the current one 

You can provide a count to the above keybindings to move across multiple windows.

## Organizing Windows

You can reposition open windows using the following keybindings:

- `^WH` will move the current window to the left side of the screen, and use
  the full screen height
- `^WJ` will move the current window to the bottom of the screen, and use the
  full screen width
- `^WK` will move the current window to the top of the screen, and use the full
  screen width
- `^WL` will move the current window to the right side of the screen, and use
  the full screen height

Sometimes, you may find yourself wanting to make a window occupy
the whole screen without closing any of the other windows. You can:

- Use `^Wz` to zoom in and out of a window without changing your current layout
- Use `^WT` to extract the window into its own [tab](./tabs.md)

## Closing Windows

You can close a window using `^Wq`, or close all windows but the current one
using `^Wo`. When provided with a count, these keybindings will operate against
that window position instead of the currently focused one.

> If you prefer using commands, you can use `:quit` to close the current
> window, or `:only` to close all windows but the current one.

Commit message:

Document keybindings for resizing windows (#11)

src/layout/windows.md, after:

# Window Management

## Opening Windows

You can use `:split` (or its vertical variant `:vsplit`) to split the current
window. You can optionally provide a room or user to open that room instead.
For example:

```
:vsplit #alias:example.com
```

Will vertically split the current window and open `#alias:example.com` in the
new window.

> If you only need to duplicate the window without changing its content, you
> can use `^Ws` and `^Wv` to horizontally and vertically split the current
> window.

By default, the split commands will open the new window so that it is
visually before the current one, but you can alter this using `:belowright`
(as opposed to the default `:aboveleft` behaviour). Similarly, you can also
change the axis of a split using the `:vertical` and `:horizontal` commands.

Several of the commands within __iamb__ change the displayed content in the
current window. You can force them to instead open a new window using the above
commands. For example, to open the list of rooms below the current window:

```
:bel rooms
```

Or, to show a room's members to the left side of the room instead of the right:

```
:abo hor members
```

## Switching Windows

You can switch between between neighboring windows using the following keybindings:

- `^Wh` will move to the window left of the current one 
- `^Wj` will move to the window below the current one 
- `^Wk` will move to the window above the current one 
- `^Wl` will move to the window right of the current one 

You can provide a count to the above keybindings to move across multiple windows.

## Organizing Windows

You can reposition open windows using the following keybindings:

- `^WH` will move the current window to the left side of the screen, and use
  the full screen height
- `^WJ` will move the current window to the bottom of the screen, and use the
  full screen width
- `^WK` will move the current window to the top of the screen, and use the full
  screen width
- `^WL` will move the current window to the right side of the screen, and use
  the full screen height

Sometimes, you may find yourself wanting to make a window occupy
the whole screen without closing any of the other windows. You can:

- Use `^Wz` to zoom in and out of a window without changing your current layout
- Use `^WT` to extract the window into its own [tab](./tabs.md)

## Resizing Windows

You can resize windows using the following keybindings:

- `^W-` will decrease the current window height by the specified count
- `^W+` will increase the current window height by the specified count
- `^W<` will decrease the current window width by the specified count
- `^W>` will increase the current window width by the specified count
- `^W=` will attempt to resize all windows in the same row or column to have
  equal height and width

> If your window manager or terminal is capturing `^W`, you can use the
> `:resize` command to change window height. For example, `:resize -10` will
> decrease the height by ten, and `:resize +5` will increase it by 5.
>
> To change the window width, use `:vertical resize` instead.

## Closing Windows

You can close a window using `^Wq`, or close all windows but the current one
using `^Wo`. When provided with a count, these keybindings will operate against
that window position instead of the currently focused one.

> If you prefer using commands, you can use `:quit` to close the current
> window, or `:only` to close all windows but the current one.
